Documentation on the top page (#257)
Qiskit/qiskit-experiments: docs/index.rst

################################
Qiskit Experiments Documentation
################################

About Qiskit Experiment
=======================

Qiskit Experiments provides for a fundamental framework to perform quantum physics experiments
along with a library of standard experiments for quantum characterization, verification, validation and calibration.
This also supports the application platform interface connecting to the remote database for the experiment result management.
Experimentalits can also develop own experiment library on top of the experiment framework for their inhouse quantum systems.

.. warning::

   This package is still under active development, there will be breaking
   API changes, and re-organization of the package layout. If you
   encounter any bugs please open an issue on
   `Github <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-experiments/issues>`_

> Table of Contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Table of Contents
```

=================

> Below list contains automatically generated API documentation for Qiskit Experiments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a list of automatically generated API documentation for Qiskit Experiments.
```

> If you are very new to this project, maybe you can start from the overview in :doc:`/apidocs/index`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are very new to this project, the :doc:`overview </apidocs/index>` is a good place to start. The :doc:`tutorials </tutorials/index>` also have hands-on examples for running many experiments.
```
